
    
Loading Frustration
----------------------
A throbber and progress-bar that becomes frustratingly slow and meaningless over time.

Screenshot: 
https://github.com/true-rasmus/AP2018/blob/master/mini_ex3/screenshit_load_throb.PNG

Making the program:


I originally had the values that determine the slow down set up in arrays. 
But later, as I wanted the variables to both control the width of the loading bar and the speed of the rotation of the throbber, 
I experienced trouble managing the value in arrays through statements. 
Becoming frustrated myself, I chose to do it without arrays and instead minupulate one value via conditions.

The throbber is based in the example used in class03.
I like the idea of setting uo your own functions and then calling them in the draw function. 
This creates a more tangible draw function and helps to keep an overview of the artifacts manipulated every frame and of 
the priotiry and/or depth of the program. Further, instead of a line, i drew a background to counter a trail from my moving objects. 
And lastly, i used my before mentioned variables (instead if framecount) to control both rotation speed of the throbber in default 
and to make it slow down over time.

Link to program:
https://rawgit.com/true-rasmus/AP2018/master/mini_ex3/empty-example/index.html 
 
 
Time:

 
Growing up the only tech-savy person in my family, and the only person who actually went online before the millenial, I quickly
became the computer wizard of our imidiate family. I've spend hundreds and hundreds of hours looking at throbbers and progress bars since
the distribution of the internet in 96. The reason I write this is, back then.. you stayed for the loading. Personal computers weren't 
strong enough to multitask, software installations were buggy, and diagnosing was confusing. And yet, the trust in computer was still about
15 years from being a reality... which means you sat there.. the inconsistency of 0-100, throbbers that didn't indicate progress,
bars that moved in and at random pace.. your sense of time and progress became skewed thanks to these 'qualities'. specially within the
last minutes where you think it'll be over soon.
- and I guess that's what I went for with this program. 
